Add UI frontend article (#2059)
near/docs: docs/2.build/3.near-components/anatomy/bos-components.md

sidebar_label: Handling Historical data
---

:::warning What is the state of BOS (NEAR Components)?

We no longer recommend building on BOS due to its limited capabilities and discontinued security maintenance. Developers with active projects on BOS are encouraged to migrate to another deployment strategy.

> See [here](/build/web3-apps/frontend#bos-socialvm) for more info

Author: ```suggestion
See [here](/build/web3-apps/frontend#bos-socialvm) for more information.
```

> See [here](/build/web3-apps/frontend#bos-socialvm) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [Web3 frontends](/build/web3-apps/frontend#bos-socialvm) section for more information.
```
